Abouts- 

Prathamesh Kulkarni -
Hi Everyone, I am Prathamesh Kulkarni. I am currently pursuing Computer Science Engineering Bachelors Degree from Pune Vidyarthi Griha's College 
of Engineering & Technology, Pune ,under Savitribai Phule Pune University. Coding and Developing new and better Softwares/Websites/Applications 
is my desire or the passion that drives me to learn new things, grow and be better everyday. I am a Full Stack Developer aspirant. I have done 5 
web development projects . I am very much interested in Software/Application development and I want to create/develop Softwares/Applictions 
keeping priority for public welfare as well as my current/upcoming fellow developers. Apart from Web Development and Python learning, 
I am also eager and intrested in Advance topics like Machine Laerning ,Data Science, App Development.

Aniket Patil -
Hello, I am Aniket Patil. A tech enthusiastic, dedicated to learn new professional skills and new leads in the field of computers. I am currently
pursuing a B.E. in Computer Science. Learning new software languages and creating projects and websites is my passion. Currently holding 
certifications in C,C++ and Python, I also have great experience in Web development. I would be also interested to get the opportunity to 
explore the fileds of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Data Science.

Aditya Gadre -
Hello Everyone,
I am Aditya Gadre.
Coding and developing algorithms on basis of a well analyzed logic is by passion.
I aim to be a Full Stack Developer. I have done 10+ python projects using GUI. Much interested in Software development I aspire to innovate a 
software for public help and ease away much of complicated software tasks of present decade. I am also a international rated chess player 
currently competing for a title and have played many inter districts and intercollege level tournaments in my chess career. My chess achievements
also include some international as well as national tournament experience with some of most well known Grandmasters of India. Apart from Web and 
Python based learning my interest also settles in machine learning and learning different programming languages based on the most advanced 
concepts and syntaxes of OOP's (Object Oriented Programming Languages).

Ameya Hujare -
I am an undergrad student currently in TE pursuing Computer Engineering from SPPU.I started my journey with Python and C programming languages 
then built my interest in Web Development. Substantial knowledge in the field of Data Science. Focused on problem solving and currently, 
I'm strengthening my Data Structures and Algorithm. I also have profound knowledge and understanding of Object Oriented Programming(OOP).

Pratik Kapratwar -
Serving humanity by creating new algorithm and effective code is my passion. My aim is to become software engineering also i want to do some 
research in Artificial intelligence if i got the chance to do so.i am spiritual personality and i like to read spiritual books and biographies 
of great people. i listen classical songs in my leisure time.

